[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
now it has been a while since i did a
marvel video however from now on i will
be reporting more on marvel news
that doesn't mean i'll be doing less dc
news it just means i'll be creating more
videos for you all so
on with the spider-man no way home
updates so the first update is that we
have two brand new images of no way home
the first is spider-man and mj swinging
off the bridge that we saw in the
trailer as we can see mj still does not
like swinging around new york which
makes sense as this film continues
straight on from spider-man far from
home the second image is of spider-man
crouching on a car with doctor strange
in the background with his arms folded
now i believe this is in the same scene
in which doctor strange and peter have a
small fight which we saw a glimpse of in
the trailer
whether this is before or after i do not
know but it seems to me that strange is
just observing what peter is doing the
next update is from a recent interview
with tom holland for entertainment
weekly where holland said
we've been making these films for five
years now we've had such an amazing
relationship the three of us
we've been with each other every step of
the way we've done every single film
every single press tour
so this one scene we didn't know if this
would be the last time we were all
working together
it was heartbreaking but also really
exciting because we're all moving into
the next chapter of our careers so
sharing that moment with them was maybe
the best day i've ever had on set i
don't think i've cried like that ever we
were all treating no way home as the end
of a franchise let's say i think if we
were lucky enough to dive into these
characters again you'd be seeing a very
different version it would no longer be
the homecoming trilogy we would give it
some time and try to build something
different and tonally change the films
whether that happens or not i don't know
but we were definitely treating no way
home like it was coming to an end and it
felt like it so by the sounds of that
interview the actors aren't expecting to
return to their roles or at least for a
long time
which makes it sound like this film will
wrap things up for the spider-man
trilogy
i think it is very safe to say that tom
holland will return to play spider-man
again he is very popular with fans and
spider-man is one of the most popular
superheroes of all time
it is just whether or not mj and ned
would be a part of that story if you
believe the leaks which i do i would not
be surprised if marvel are getting ready
to bring one of the other spider-man
actors to play a role in another marvel
project
which could be why tom holland is saying
how they don't know if they are coming
back because he may know that disney
wants to tell another spider-man story
alongside his make sure to let me know
what you think of tom holland's
interview in the comments below the
final update is tom holland's comments
on working with alfred molina which he
also talked about in the entertainment
weekly interview
he said that working with alfred molina
was one of his favorite people to ever
work with he said it was really fun to
watch him see how technology has
advanced when he was making these films
the arms were puppets and when we did it
they're all imaginary and cg it was
quite cool to see him relive it but also
relearn it he also teased that the fight
scenes are a lot more visceral with a
lot more hand-to-hand combat which is
interesting as the confirmed villains
for the film are dr octavius green
goblin electro and sandman so i'm
intrigued to see where the hand-to-hand
combat comes into play we have some more
information regarding the second trailer
for spider-man no way home and this
comes from daniel rpk
he responded to someone asking when the
second trailer would be and he said
either the end of this month or sometime
next month which is exciting news as
that means we will see the trailer very
soon and it was reported that the final
money shot of the trailer would be toby
maguire's spider-man and andrew garfield
spider-man if that is the case then i
cannot wait for this trailer and i wish
it could be released right now so that
is all the updates for spider-man no way
home tomorrow venom finally comes out in
the uk so i will be checking that out
and doing a review for the film i do
know unfortunately what happens in the
in credit scene due to some people not
giving spoiler warnings on social media
but i am still very excited to see that
movie so get ready for that review
tomorrow
like i said at the start i will be
increasing my marvel contents so there
will be more videos produced on the
channel but that is all for today's
video thank you so much for watching
please make sure to like and subscribe
and turn on post notifications so you
never miss a video i hope to see you
here again soon so until then have a
great day bye
[Music]